1. Players take 24 hour turns adding a proposal to the game. A proposal can be changing an existing rule, deleting an existing rule, or making a completely new rule. You may only make 1 proposal on your turn. The player(s) whose turn it is can be found in the Turn_Order.md file.  
2. When a proposal is made, a Game Moderator will add it to Voting.md file. If the rule has more votes for than against after 48 hours of it being in Voting.md file, it will be added to Official_Rules.md file (or other appropriate thing will happen) and it will have an immediate effect from then on.  
3. The first player to reach 1000 points, wins the game.
4. Every player gets 5 points each day.
5. Lynching Sam is worth 400 points.
6. If a players proposal is denied in a vote of 3-2, then they receive 10 points.
7. This rule introduces a concept of the game map. The map is a hexagonal grid with coordinates, currently depicted here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fnVLqLqNQ7iVAQXp_1oJd-I862wmSnIG4uE16uOJ5AM/edit?usp=sharing . This map is an extension to this rule, and any game-mechanic relevant changes to it (as opposed to purely-aesthetic, or game-state-tracking changes) counts as a change to this rule.  
 The initial position of every new player and of every player already in the game at the time of this rule passing is (0, 0). Every turn, each player can make up to two moves to an adjacent grid cell.
8. If two players move to the same space on the game map, they have the option to initiate a duel that awards 52 points to the winner. The duel must be agreed upon by both parties. The terms of the duel are arbitrary as long as both parties agree to them.
9. A player cannot use a space if they have left it before.
10. Any person that is not a player yet can become one by making a post expressing their will to become one in the game's forum thread. They will then be placed in a random positon in the turn order, and receive a number of points equal to half the median of current players' points, rounded down.
11. The player limit shall be set to 10 players maximum.
12. Every day, 3 points are given to whoever is in the last place at that time. That is in addition to any other gains.
13. A player can choose, within the time limit of their turn to propose, to willingly skip their proposal, and receive 10 points. The player cannot simply miss their turn and get a pay-out, they have to willingly state on the thread their intention to skip their proposal phase and receive their pay-out, which needs to be done by the time limit of their proposal phase.
14. Every proposal that passes after the enactment of this rule will grant the player who made the proposal 16 points.
15. If a player moves to a section of the map (excluding the Neutral Area) that no other player has entered after the enactment of this rule, they are awarded 5 points. Players that are already on a hex belonging to a section during the enactment of this rule, they are not treated as having entered the section for the purpose of this rule.
16. For each player, a count is maintained that increases every time their proposal passes. If that player forfeits their turn or submits a proposal that fails, the count is reset to zero. If the player's count reaches 3, it's reset to zero and the player receives 20 points.
17. This rule introduces a "Section Influence" statistic for each player-section pair. For each player-section pair where the section in the pair is claimed by the player in the pair, its Section Influence is set to 3. That applies to both sections already claimed at the time of this rule's enactment, and for previously unclaimed sections claimed while this rule is in force. For any other player-section pair, its Section Influence is set to 0.  
 If, at a beginning of a turn, a player is in a section claimed by them, they can reduce the Section Influence of a pair between that section and any other player by up to 2 in total. That reduction can be divided between multiple players. No Section Influence can be reduced below 0.  
 If, at a beginning of a turn, a player is in a section claimed by someone else, the Section Influence of a pair between that section and that player is increased by 1.  
 When the Section Influence of a player-section pair reaches 3, and that section is not claimed by that player, the section becomes claimed by that player, and Section Influence of any pair between that section and any other player is set to 0. If two or more players meet this condition for a section, the player the section will become claimed by is randomly chosen from players that meet this condition for the section in question.
18. You get 6 points per turn for owning at least one section of the map, and and an additional 1 point per turn for every additional section you own.
19. Once per turn order, defined as the amount of time required for every player to have a turn, a player can challenge another player to an arbitrary competition agreed upon by both of them. Each player in the competition can gamble up to 50 points. At the competition's conclusion, the winner gains keeps the points they've gambled and gains points gambled by the loser. The loser's gambled points are subtracted from their point count. A player can not challenge the same person to a competition twice in a row.
20. Each player can gift points to other players, once per turn rotation. A player cannot gift more than half of their current point total, nor can they gift less than 0 points.
21. A player is allowed to change their proposal while it is still in voting, as long as there's at least 24 hours left until the end of the vote. When they do so, all votes in favor of the proposal are removed and need to be recast if the voter still supports the proposal.
22. Every player is allowed to pick one companion, which grants them special abilities. These companions are allotted on a first come first serve basis, and no more than 2 people can pick the same type of companion. You are allowed to nickname them. Every companion has an “account”, where they store their own points. A player can gift points to a companion’s account following the same rule as gifting points to other players. Every companion’s account begins with 0 points. The following companions are available: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zNmMlcgofSGOG1ojaZuSVvI_m009ua7aEjmMG5feo9Q/edit?usp=sharing
23. You can not gift enough points to get someone above 900 points. You can not gift someone any points at all if they're already at 900 or higher.
24. This rule introduces a Health system for companions. Each companion's starting and maximum health is 120 health points. If the companion's health points reach 0, the companion becomes unable to use its abilities until either the turn order round ends (after which it regains 30 health points), or until its healed through other means. A companion's health points can be regained by spending the companion's points (in a 1:1 ratio)
25. This rule introduces an NPC, named Dave, that aimlessly wanders around the grid every turn. This aimless wandering involves a game moderator rolling a D6 twice, with 1 being up-left, 2 being up-right, 3 being right, 4 being down-right, 5 being down-left, 6 being left. Each dice roll makes it move a space in the corresponding direction. If it’s incapable of moving in that direction, then it just doesn’t move. Each player receives 20 points the first time they and Dave are on the same space. Dave's starting position is (0,0). For the purpose of rules resticting movement, Dave is treated as a player.
26. A player can choose to mine on their spot they are on instead of moving. At that time, a D10 is rolled, with the outcome depending on the roll results:  
 1 - Dirt (Nothing)  
 2 - Cobblestone (Nothing)  
 3 - Sand (Nothing)  
 4 - Gravel (Nothing)  
 5 - Bones (Nothing)  
 6 - TNT (-10 points)  
 7 - Lava (-25 points)  
 8 - Iron (+10 points)  
 9 - Gold (+25 points)  
 10 - Diamond (+50 points)  
 Each space can only be mined once per turn rotation.
27. When Dave and a player meet on one space, the player either receives or loses 15 points, each of those outcomes being equally likely. This happens every time unless it is their first meeting, or the meeting takes place in the same space as the previous one.
28. If a player shares a space with another player, they can attempt to attack that player's companion. When that happens, a D20 roll is made for both the attacker and the defender. If the attacker's roll is higher than the defenders, the attack succeeds and 2d12 damage is dealt to the defender's companion. If the defender's roll is higher than the attacker's, the attacker is stunned (unable to move or use active abilities not relating to proposal-making process) for one turn. A player cannot challenge another player to a duel and attack their companion in the same turn.
29. Every time a player gains a resource from mining, they obtain 1 unit of said resource, additionally to any other benefits. The player can use said resources to craft various items granting them various benefits. The player can craft an item at any time, provided they have resources specified in the item's recipe. The list of craftable items can be found in CraftingRecipes.md file on the game's repository.
